Today was a good day. It felt like I was able to get some work done and make good progress meeting with my group. 

Today has made me think about becoming the person I would like to be. I have felt like a wimp for so long because the graduate program has pushed me down. I would really like to be the person that achieves what they say they will get done, no matter how small the goals are. I don't intend to change the world, but I do intend to do what I think is valuable. For now, these things are taking care of my physical and mental health, doing quality physics research, and being a good boyfriend to Elena. To take care of my physical and mental health, doing daily exercise and meditation are key as well as ample time for breaks. Also, it means to be very strict about sleep routines. Quality research comes from having a plan and asking for help when need be. I must have set times throughout the day that I can get quality work done where my intruding thoughts do not interfere.  This time will change to be when I am most focused. I want to thoroughly read a paper a day, and spend time coding. I would also like to learn Fortran. Documenting my work will prove to be very useful over time.Last of all, I need to be a good boyfriend by sending Elena gifts and writing to her frequently. I must be as invested in her life as she is in mine. Tomorrow, I will send her a letter for her to come back to from Courtney's. I also need to get her a candle. I want to spend some time every day visualizing her life. That way I can step into her shoes. 

I would like my free time activities to be going on walks, playing RPG video games, and watching TV shows with Elena. 

To achieve these goals, some daily actions I can take are:
- Meditate
- Go to gym
- Sleep regularly
- Read a paper
- Code in Fortran
- Visualize Elena's life
- Plan everyday strictly