It is my 25th birthday today so I want to reflect on the values in my life and align my daily/weekly/annual plan with my goals.

Some main goals of mine are to:
1. Be an active participant in the field of space physics research
2. Be a loving and caring boyfriend to my dearest Elena
3. Have positive mindset while being faced with conflict

In order to achieve these goals, I think I need to create a structure that cultivates a deep life so I can achieve these goals without burning out.

On the annual level:
The plan is to continue to visit LANL and try to publish papers and create meaningful work. I would like to go to multiple conferences a year and also take longer breaks when necessary. 

On the weekly level:
Attending colloquiums and meeting regularly with higher ups (i.e. Bill, Fan, Ciccio, and Yan). I would probably also like to set up meetings with other graduate students to help talking to higher ups. I would like to be working on projects consistently and working to give updates weekly. Once a week, I would like to work in a different space to change the mundane work schedule.

On the daily level:
- Exercise Routine
- Strict work regimen and times
	- 1.5 hour followed by 30 min break (Max 6, to get 9 hours of work a day)
	- Set objectives before each work session to have clear goal
- Relaxation at night
- Meditation
- Planning work the night before
- Waking up early
- Communicate with other graduate students/faculty and have good relationships with them
- Ask questions often as to not get stuck on one specific task

I am able to challenge myself, but I also want to get to a place where things seem manageable. Right now, I feel frozen and don't really know where to go with my work. This has led me to not be very productive. Overall, this creates doubt and often ruminates negative mindset.

Cultivating a positive mindset must stem from within. I need to understand my goal and why I am passionate about it, while understanding the sacrifices necessary to achieve that goal. However, this should not come at the cost of my mental and physical wellbeing. A positive mindset can be achieved by truly believing in myself and having self compassion. Confidence in myself can come from previous work that I have been able to complete as well as challenges I have overcome in general. I do not have to go through life believing that I am not good enough. Also, self compassion can come from thinking about things that I have done well in general. I can be excited for myself for just getting out of bed and being my own cheerleader. I have so much to give in terms of work and relationships and I must realize that myself. 

Being a boyfriend to Elena means that I need to give her constant attention and surprise her every once in a while. Also, I need to be able to plan really well. For this, it would be best to keep my calendar handy and check my tasks. I need to make sure that I have a sense of the next week and possibly next month and have a general outline of the year. I can try to use the Paperlike calendar to go through all these levels, then put the events into Google calendar. Overall, it would be good to have a place to write down things for Elena. I could create a folder for Elena to keep track of things and then put action items in google tasks, to which I will update on the spot using my phone. For example, I should set a weekly task to send her letters and also plan time to write those letters. I could also work on giving compliments and writing stories down to tell so that we can keep the spark between us. I think it gets really challenging for her to care when it feels like the only thing I do is work (when it doesn't even feel like I work a lot). I need to be making those efforts to connect with her and explaining my day to keep long distance working. 

I would really like to stop wasting time on my IPad watching Youtube and twitch. I feel that I should stop looking at the productivity space and make my own life out of it. I know what works best for me and I can put that into action. Maybe I can set a limit to these on the app.

Another thing is I need to spend time alone. I need to have the time to decompress fully without the distractions of youtube and twitch. I think having dedicated time even outside of meditation to just sit and be present would overall be good for my mental health. I want to focus on relaxation techniques and enacting procedures to fall back on when my mind does spiral.

I think things can get stressful but I cannot let myself give in to the stress or else I will not continue to grow or be where I want to be in life. I need to keep my head calm so that there is a sense of balance to all the madness. 